Tell him time is of the essence. I am not a killer. I think he's got a crush on you, Dex! Tonight's the night. And it's going to happen again and again. It has to happen. I love Halloween. The one time of year when everyone wears a mask … not just me. You're a killer. I catch killers.

Cops, another community I'm not part of. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me. I'm going to tell you something that I've never told anyone before.

You all right, Dexter? I'm partial to air conditioning. I'm real proud of you for coming, bro. I know you hate funerals. I like seafood. I have a dark side, too. I'm generally confused most of the time.

Cops, another community I'm not part of. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter. I'm really more an apartment person. I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see. You all right, Dexter?

Tell him time is of the essence. I feel like a jigsaw puzzle missing a piece. And I'm not even sure what the picture should be. Tonight's the night. And it's going to happen again and again. It has to happen.

You look…perfect. I'm really more an apartment person. Tell him time is of the essence. Makes me a … scientist.

Somehow, I doubt that. You have a good heart, Dexter. Tell him time is of the essence. Oh I beg to differ, I think we have a lot to discuss. After all, you are a client.

I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me. I'm real proud of you for coming, bro. I know you hate funerals. I think he's got a crush on you, Dex!

I'm doing mental jumping jacks. This man is a knight in shining armor. Finding a needle in a haystack isn't hard when every straw is computerized. I'm doing mental jumping jacks. Hello, Dexter Morgan. Pretend. You pretend the feelings are there, for the world, for the people around you. Who knows? Maybe one day they will be.

Only you could make those words cute. I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see. I am not a killer.
