Pretend. You pretend the feelings are there, for the world, for the people around you. Who knows? Maybe one day they will be. I like seafood. You're a killer. I catch killers. You all right, Dexter?

Finding a needle in a haystack isn't hard when every straw is computerized. God created pudding, and then he rested. Tell him time is of the essence. Hello, Dexter Morgan. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me. I love Halloween. The one time of year when everyone wears a mask … not just me.

I have a dark side, too. I feel like a jigsaw puzzle missing a piece. And I'm not even sure what the picture should be. You all right, Dexter? I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see.

You're a killer. I catch killers. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. Only you could make those words cute. I've lived in darkness a long time. Over the years my eyes adjusted until the dark became my world and I could see. I'm generally confused most of the time. I'm partial to air conditioning.

I feel like a jigsaw puzzle missing a piece. And I'm not even sure what the picture should be. I have a dark side, too. I love Halloween. The one time of year when everyone wears a mask … not just me.

You all right, Dexter? I'm generally confused most of the time. You look…perfect. I'm generally confused most of the time.

I feel like a jigsaw puzzle missing a piece. And I'm not even sure what the picture should be. Makes me a … scientist. I'm a sociopath; there's not much he can do for me. I'm partial to air conditioning. I'm really more an apartment person.

Rorschach would say you have a hard time relating to others. I think he's got a crush on you, Dex! I'm not the monster he wants me to be. So I'm neither man nor beast. I'm something new entirely. With my own set of rules. I'm Dexter. Boo. Finding a needle in a haystack isn't hard when every straw is computerized. I think he's got a crush on you, Dex!

I'm real proud of you for coming, bro. I know you hate funerals. I'm thinking two circus clowns dancing. You? I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister. I will not kill my sister.

Tonight's the night. And it's going to happen again and again. It has to happen. Under normal circumstances, I'd take that as a compliment. I'm going to tell you something that I've never told anyone before.
